today we will comment on an issue of
the status of the child and adolescent
subject placement in substitute family
we are going to the statement of the question with
substrate legal the changes promoted
by law number 12 thousand and ten of 2009
in relation to adoption, affirmative signature
correct the alternative to death of
adopters does not reestablish family power
of natural parents alternative b to
enable speed in the process of
adoption legislation specific statute
of children and adolescents admits
representation of the adopter by power of attorney
alternatives and once deceased adopter
in the course of the adoption procedure and
before sampling mented sentence does not
the judge may decide to adopt
even if there has been unequivocal
manifestation of the will of the adopter
Registry Offices Alternative
public services of natural persons should
provide a certificate to any
applicant regardless of
justification of their interest in
there is the bond of adoption made
by judicial decision
so you know the answer think one
little and reread statement is found
If you need to wait 30 seconds or
you already know the answer click on a
alternative and see comment
alternative b is incorrect since
the action by power of attorney is prohibited
pursuant to Article 39, paragraph 2 of the
ecca alternatives and is incorrect because
as stated in paragraph 6 of article
42 of ecca the adoption may be deferred
to the adopter who after unequivocal
will manifestation dies
in the course of the procedure before the bow
bound to sentence
the correct d stating alternative seen
that no certificate of adoption is provided is
which is provided for in Article 47 of the Act
the alternative to is correct since it is
in full accordance with Article 49 of the ECCA
liked
do not share and subscribe to
our channel
to the next